CNV-32032: Release note deprecated feature (#63947)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/release_notes/virt-4-14-release-notes.adoc

//CNV-29048 Release note: DEPRECATED FEATURE (Metrics backlog 4.14)

//CNV-32032 Release note: DEPRECATED FEATURE (Windows 2012R2 templates deprecated)

> * Support for Windows Server 2012R2 templates is deprecated. 

Reviewer: It looks like there is [supposed to be a space](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/evalcenter/evaluate-windows-server-2012-r2):

```suggestion
* Support for Windows Server 2012 R2 templates is deprecated. 
```
